His Royal Highness
I heard that you actually praised Haikou with His Majesty
Earn 30 million yuan in silver in one day
Is Princess Song here to help me?
I just came to remind you
Now the underwear is in short supply.
If you can't make it happen
Tomorrow is the day of anger in the palace
I can't send the money by then.
Palace civil unrest
Your crown prince will sit at the end
I'd like to see you, His Royal Highness
How to deal with this
If you don't want to bear the infamy of the ages
It's better to listen to Yan Xiang
Going your own way will only ruin your reputation
Spat on
What do you want?
I've decided to go my own way
Anyway, I will bear the curse of the ages
Another three or five years of infamy
Evidence of Article 35
It doesn't seem like a big deal
Big things
Yeah.
Ah!